So we made these changes
as this second user.
We pushed this branch and now we wanna make sure
that these changes are actually merged into the main branch.
Now, before we always merged locally
and then we had the updated main branch
but now that's not an option
because we won't be able to push that updated main branch.
Indeed, I can show this.
If here on my second user's machine,
I check out the main branch,
and I merge this color branch.
That of course works.
But if I now push this main branch to origin,
you will actually see that this is blocked
because I have this branch protection turned on.
So that's not an option.
Instead what we wanna do and what is extremely common
and actually the typical way of merging branches
into the main branch in bigger projects
that use GitHub is to create a so-called pull request.
A pull request is a request
that requests others, for example,
the owners of this project
or our colleagues, maybe our boss
to pull our changes into a given branch,
typically the main branch
and, of course, as part of the process,
our boss, our colleagues
or whoever has the right to accept these pull requests
has a chance of reviewing our code.
That's why in all big projects,
and especially in all open source projects,
if you're contributing to the project
and you want your changes to be included
in the main branch, in the production code,
you open such a pull request.
And that's what we're going to do here.
I'm on the GitHub account of that second user
who's not the owner of this repository
as you can tell by the missing Settings tab.
And here I pushed my feat-color branch.
And I get a button for creating a pull request here
but we can also do this
from inside the pull requests tab here.
Here we can create a new pull request
and what we do here here
is we select the branch into which we wanna merge,
so that's the main branch.
And then the branch that should be merged.
That's the feat-color branch.
I select this here
and I then get a preview of what will be changed.
In this case, it's in the styles.css file
where the color will be updated.
So in the end, what will happen
is a merge, the same thing we did locally
but it will happen on GitHub
after giving our colleague
or the owner of the project a chance
of reviewing our upcoming changes.
And of course if you're collaborating,
having processes like this is important
in order to make sure
that code isn't broken or unintended changes are introduced.
So here we're creating this pull request here.
And therefore I'll click create pull request.
And now we can give this pull request a title,
like changed title color, and a description.
I changed the title color as suggested in,
and now we can even link the issue
that we created to give this pull request some context.
To do that, we just have to get the number of that issue,
which you can see here.
In this case it's number one
because it's the first issue.
And then here we can type #1
and GitHub will automatically suggest such a link.
If we preview this,
we see that a link was indeed added automatically.
That's a nice feature of GitHub
because GitHub is all about managing code
and collaborating on code.
That's why it has many nice features like this one
where we can easily link a issue in a pull request.
Indeed, we can also easily link issues or pull requests
in other issues.
So you can link all these things together.
That's really quite nice.
So with that, we have a nice description
and now I'll create that pull request.
Again, I'm still on that second user,
that second GitHub user.
Now, what we see here
is that a review is required
because we turned on that branch protection
where we actually set
that at least one reviewer is required.
So therefore here, we can't merge this pull request
because we did not create this repository.
But we created it
and now we can wait for the owner of this repository
to merge this.
So here I am on this main account
who is the owner of this repository,
and there if I reload the page,
I see this pull request.
Now, I can take a look at it
and here I see what's going on.
I see the description.
I can take a look at the commits that will be merged,
and which files will be changed.
And I also see that a reviewer is missing.
Now, since I'm the owner,
I could still bypass this
but I can also request myself as a reviewer here.
The person who opened this pull request
could have done this as well
but I can edit this pull request
if I'm not fully happy with it, as I'm doing here
by adding me as a reviewer.
So now that I did add myself as a reviewer,
I can add my review.
Again, these are all nice features built into GitHub.
And that allows me to go through these code changes.
And I could add annotations here,
which then again can be picked up
by the person who created the pull request
to make some changes to it.
However, here I'm quite happy with that.
Therefore, I'll click review changes
and submit review,
and I'll actually just approve these changes here.
I have nothing to add.
I'm just fine with that.
Now I left my review and now I can merge this
because now it was reviewed.
I'll just do one more thing.
I'll add an extra comment
where I say closes this issue
so that I say that this issue
will be closed by merging this pull request.
Hence I'll comment here
and add this comment to the pull request.
And then merge that pull request.
Confirm the merge.
And now it was merged.
And under issues, I can target this issue here
and actually mark it as closed
because this is not an issue
or an active suggestion anymore.
Instead, this has been implemented.
Now, technically what happened
is that a merge was performed and added to the main branch,
and this is still a new commit therefore in the end
as we did it locally before as well
but now it happened all on GitHub
using these GitHub features.
This, of course, also means that now there is some code
on GitHub that's not necessarily on our local machines yet.
Here in that project of that second user,
if I run git pull,
it therefore now downloads these changes
and actually nothing changed
because I merged that feature branch
into the main branch there before as well.
But technically something did change
because I did now really download that merge commit
that was created remotely.
And of course, if I switch to the project
of the original creator of this project here,
then I can also run git pull there
to download these latest changes
and get this updated color.
And that's how you can collaborate with others on GitHub
by adding them as collaborators
and by then using this pull requests feature here,
which we used to suggest a change,
review a change
and then ultimately, if everything's all right,
merge that change.
And that's how people can contribute on open source software
but also internally in teams on private software
or on whatever you're working.